PostCSS Global Data (#841)
csstools/postcss-plugins: plugins/postcss-global-data/docs/README.md

<!-- Available Variables: -->
<!-- <humanReadableName> PostCSS Your Plugin -->
<!-- <exportName> postcssYourPlugin -->
<!-- <packageName> @csstools/postcss-your-plugin -->
<!-- <packageVersion> 1.0.0 -->
<!-- <packagePath> plugins/postcss-your-plugin -->
<!-- <cssdbId> your-feature -->
<!-- <specUrl> https://www.w3.org/TR/css-color-4/#funcdef-color -->
<!-- <example.css> file contents for examples/example.css -->
<!-- <header> -->
<!-- <usage> usage instructions -->
<!-- <envSupport> -->
<!-- <corsWarning> -->
<!-- <linkList> -->
<!-- to generate : npm run docs -->

<header>

> [<humanReadableName>] lets you inject data into PostCSS that then gets removed from the final CSS. This is useful for 
> plugins might use data to generate CSS. For example, in the case of CSS Modules with [PostCSS Custom Media](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/tree/main/plugins/postcss-custom-media), rules
> are usually not imported by every single file so Custom Media cannot generate any code based on the available data. By
> providing a list of files, this plugin will inject the data into the CSS so that the plugin can generate the code.
> 
> It is important that [<humanReadableName>] is used before the plugin that actually uses the data. The plugin runs 
> syncronously so it will inject the data before the other plugin runs.
> 
> Please note that [<humanReadableName>] does not produce any CSS. It only injects data into PostCSS so that other plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[<humanReadableName>] lets you inject CSS that is removed again before the final output. This is useful for  plugins that use global CSS as data.

For example, in the case of CSS Modules with [PostCSS Custom Media](https://github.com/csstools/postcss-plugins/tree/main/plugins/postcss-custom-media), rules are usually not imported by every single file, so PostCSS Custom Media cannot generate fallbacks.
By providing a list of files, this plugin will inject the global CSS as data so that PostCSS Custom Media can generate fallbacks.

It is important that [<humanReadableName>] is used before the plugin that actually needs the data.

Please note that [<humanReadableName>] does not add anything to the output of your CSS. It only injects data into PostCSS so that other plugins
```

Made a few edits. I tried to use `global` `data` and `css` as much as possible in the context and meaning that we intend with this plugin :D
